Yc/censys/rewrite/ciac 8833 (#33977)
demisto/content: Packs/Censys/ReleaseNotes/2_0_29.md

#### Integrations

##### Censys v2

> - Added a new parameter *Server URL* The server URL.
> - Added a new parameter *Determine IP score by labels (for paid subscribers)* Which instructs the integration to use labels to determine IP score. 
> - Added a new parameter *IP Malicious labels* Labels to classify IP as Malicious.
> - Added a new parameter *IP Suspicious labels* Labels to classify IP as Suspicious.
> - Added a new parameter *Malicious labels threshold* Determines the minimum number of labels returned that are classified as malicious for IP.
> - Added a new parameter *Suspicious labels threshold* Determines the minimum number of labels returned that are classified as suspicious for IP.
> - Added a new parameter *Source Reliability* Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data.
> - Updated the API endpoint to Censys v2.
> - Added a new command ***ip*** to allowing users to check the reputation of IP addresses.
> - Added a new command ***domain*** which retrieves all IP addresses related to a given domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the following new parameters:
   - *Server URL* - The server URL.
   - *Determine IP score by labels (for paid subscribers)* - Instructs the integration to use labels to determine the IP score. 
   - *IP Malicious labels* - Labels to classify IP as Malicious.
   - *IP Suspicious labels* - Labels to classify IP as Suspicious.
   - *Malicious labels threshold* - Determines the minimum number of labels returned that are classified as malicious for IP.
   - *Suspicious labels threshold* - Determines the minimum number of labels returned that are classified as suspicious for IP.
   - *Source Reliability* - Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data.
- Updated the API endpoint to Censys v2.
- Added the following new commands:
   -  ***ip*** to allowing users to check the reputation of IP addresses.
   - ***domain*** which retrieves all IP addresses related to a given domain.
```
